The ANA Enterprise is the platform for empowering nurses everywhere. Through the united strength of the American Nurses Association (ANA), the American Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC), and the American Nurses Foundation, the ANA Enterprise makes the voice of nurses heard.

The American Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC) credentials both organizations and individuals who advance nursing. Whether you want to boost your career prospects or achieve international recognition for your health care organization, do not settle for less than the recognized authority in nursing credentialing.

Business Unit: American Nurses Credentialing Center 
Department: Accreditation 
Salary Grade: M 
Employee Referral Bonus Amount: $800.00

Provides overall administrative support to the Certification Registration work unit.

DUTIES:

Provides general administrative support for the Certification Registration staff work unit.
Processes all hard copy mail items received by the Certification Registration work unit, including official transcripts and validation of education forms. Logs items as received in Personify, distributes items to staff or files items according to established processes. ·
Processes all items received via aprnvalidation@ana.org , including official transcripts and validation of education forms. Uploads items to Personify contact tracking and assigns to staff or files items according to established processes.
Processes all incoming requests for aggregate data, generates templated and customized reports, and follows-up with faculty on aggregate data requests.
Processes Initial Online Application Roster items, including matching all relevant supporting documentation received to items on roster, assigning items to Nurse Registrars in Personify, and distributing roster items and documents to Nurse Registrars for review.
Processes all incoming audit materials, including logging items as received in Personify and distributing to designated Senior Nurse Registrars for review.
Responds to general applicant and faculty inquiries regarding certification issues. Serves as a resource to the Customer Care Center and Certification Operation work units for general questions on certification issues, especially related to supporting documentation such as transcripts and validation of education forms.
Assists the Manager, Certification Registration with special projects upon request.
Assists the Director/Assistant Director of Certification with special projects upon request.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED

Education

Associate degree or equivalent is required.

Related Work Experience

Five or more years related experience.

Skills

Ability to work independently and as a team member, coordinate and follow through on several projects concurrently; work under pressure; relate well to a variety of staff and others, and to express self well orally and in writing.