Are you a driven sales professional with a passion for seniors? Are you looking for a passionate, rewarding career in the home care industry? Our McLean, VA office is looking for an experienced Business Development Account Manager to join our stellar team. We are actively interviewing, apply today!


Requirements of this role:

2+ years experience in home care or senior living environment as an Account Executive or Account Manager
Experience in generating new business from hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, senior living communities and geriatric care managers, etc.
A proven track record of selling senior care services
Have passion, be driven, entrepreneurial and creative
Thrive in an independent, self-motivated environment with little direct supervision
Maximize the resources at their disposal to build and maintain relationships
Have strong written and oral communication skills
Be team oriented and comfortable collaborating with other staff
Primary responsibilities include:

Developing new referral accounts in the local healthcare and senior care community with elder care industry professionals, organizations, and establishments
Taking healthcare, financial, and or legal professionals through the sales process
Coordinating post discharge home care with hospital and skilled nursing facility discharge planners, RNs, social workers and physicians to provide a seamless transition and effective rehabilitation at home for our clients
Representing our services in a professional and creative manner
Answering and actively making calls to prospective clients in need of services
Organizing Lunch and Learn programs for professionals involved with the senior community
Representing the company at fundraising and community support events
Working closely with the client service team to ensure client satisfaction and excellence of care
Maintaining accurate records on all prospective and active referral sources
Perks in this sales role:

Unlimited growth and advancement potential with an expanding sales team
Strong senior leadership support and strategic guidance
Established and seasoned operations team supporting client care and staffing
Company sponsored cell phone and lap top
401K with highly competitive employer match
Robust salary plus uncapped commission
Health benefits: medical, dental, vision, life insurance
Vacation & sick time
Interviews are being scheduled, apply today!


Home Care Assistance is one of the fastest growing home care agencies worldwide. We are currently seeking the best professionals to become a part of our expanding team. Our mission is to be Champions of Aging Well, to this end, we work together to raise the standard of in home care for older adults. As a company, we uphold business best practices and support our team members with a competitive benefits package, professional development opportunities and meaningful work. This loyalty and commitment to our people has helped us become a leading provider of non medical in home senior care!


