OVERVIEW*
Nurse Corps officers are responsible for caring for an entire population by working with the military community. They monitor the spread of disease, watch for hazards and raise public awareness for good health.

As part of the Army Nurse Corps, they play an important role in improving the overall quality of life for Soldiers and their families.

JOB DUTIES

Participate in community assessments in order to plan and implement public health programs

Establish activities designed to promote, protect and restore the health of those in the military community
Act as liaison with the community, local/state public health officials, schools and public affairs offices to disseminate health-related information
REQUIREMENTS
Active Duty

Bachelor’s degree in nursing from a program accredited by the National League for Nursing or the Commission, Collegiate Nursing Education or the U.S. Secretary of Education
Completion of a qualified course in public health nursing or one year of supervised experience
Must be between 21 and 42 years of age
Current, valid and unrestricted nursing license
Must be a U.S. citizen
Army Reserve

In addition to the above qualifications, permanent U.S. residency is required for Reserve duty officers.
Must be between 21 and 42 years of age (may request a waiver, Locate A Recruiter for more information)TRAINING
Job training for a Nurse Corps officer includes completing an Officer Basic Leadership Course, which introduces you to the Army Health Care system, Army doctrine and basic soldier/leader skills.

HELPFUL SKILLS

Ability to make accurate, immediate decisions
Perform under stress
Apply critical technical and thinking skills
Tremendous concentration
COMPENSATION
Active Duty

Receive Army Nurse Accession Bonus
Nurse Loan Repayment Program
Low-cost life and dental insurance,
Noncontributory retirement benefits with 20 years of qualifying service
30 days of paid vacation earned annually
Army Reserve

Qualified nurses can receive Special Pay
Health Care Professionals Loan Repayment Program
Noncontributory retirement benefits at age 60 with 20 years of qualifying service
Low-cost life and dental insurance
EARN CASH FOR IN DEMAND JOBS
You could earn up to $40,000 in cash bonuses just for enlisting under certain Military Occupational Specialties. Visit Jobs in Demand to see if this job qualifies for an enlistment bonus.
EDUCATION BENEFITS
The U.S. Army provides generous education loan-repayment programs, residency programs and continuing education opportunities to support your continued career growth and development.

PARTNERSHIP FOR YOUTH SUCCESS (PAYS) PROGRAM
Those interested in this job may be eligible for civilian employment, after the Army, by enrolling in the Army PaYS program. The PaYS program is a recruitment option that guarantees a job interview with military friendly employers that are looking for experienced and trained Veterans to join their organization. Find out more about the Army PaYS Program at http://www.armypays.com.

Johns Hopkins
GE Healthcare
Cleveland Clinic
Mercy Medical Center
Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $35,000.00 to $65,000.00 /year

Education:

High school or equivalent (Required)
Required travel:

100% (Preferred)
Additional Compensation:

Bonuses
Other forms
Store Discounts
Work Location:

Multiple locations
Benefits:

Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Signing bonus
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Parental leave
Relocation assistance
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Relocation Assistance Provided:

Yes
This Job Is:

A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
Open to applicants under 18 years old, provided it is legally allowed for the job and location
A “Fair Chance” job (you or the employer follow Fair Chance hiring practices when performing background checks - learn more at https://start.indeed.com/fair-chance)
A good fit for applicants with gaps in their resume, or who have been out of the workforce for the past 6 months or more
A good job for someone just entering the workforce or returning to the workforce with limited experience and education
Open to applicants who do not have a college diploma