Unique Rehabilitation and Health Center offers the very best in post - acute rehabilitation services! Unique has earned a reputation for providing excellent and compassionate nursing care.

***NOW OFFERING $1000.00 SIGN-ON BONUS FOR FULL-TIME LPN'S***

Our 230-bed facility, located in the District of Columbia is seeking motivated and compassionate LPN'S to join our evening and weekend staff.

The LPN promotes and restores residents' health by completing the nursing process, collaborating with physicians and multidisciplinary team members, providing physical and psychological support to residents, friends and families and will supervise assigned team members.

As a LPN you will perform the following duties:

Identify resident care requirements by establishing personal rapport with potential and actual residents and other persons in a position to understand care requirements.
Monitor and chart information to ensure the health and well-being for the resident. This includes the administration of their medications and overseeing staff.
Establish a compassionate environment by providing emotional, psychological and spiritual support to residents, friends and families.
Promote resident's independence by establishing patient care goals and teaching residents, friends and family to understand condition, medications and self-care skills.
Assure quality of care by measuring health outcomes against patient care goals and standards and making or recommending any necessary adjustments.
Resolve resident problems and needs by utilizing multidisciplinary team strategies.
Maintain safe and clean working environment by complying with procedures, rules, and regulations and calling for assistance from health care support personnel.
Protect facility residents and employees by adhering to infection-control policies and protocols, medication administration and storage procedures, and controlled substance regulations.
Document resident care services by charting in resident and department records.
Maintain resident confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential.
Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops, reviewing professional publications, establishing personal networks and participating in professional societies.
Maintain a cooperative relationship among health care teams by communicating information; responding to requests; building rapport; participating in team problem-solving methods.
Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
Job Requirements

At least (1) one year experience in a Long Term Care environment is highly preferred.
Must be a graduate of an approved college/school nursing program.
Must possess and maintain a DC license as a professional LPN