About NavAide

NavAide is a consulting group of highly-skilled and motivated industry experts with decades of experience in computer information systems, business process engineering, and project management. We leverage cutting edge technology and proven deployment methodologies to help our clients face challenges and navigate complex transitions.  

NavAide offers highly-competitive salaries and benefits packages and is proud to be an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate qualified candidates in full consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, and any other protected status.

We’re always looking for the best people who desire a meaningful and rewarding career. Contact us today for information on how to become a part of the team.

Project Overview

NavAide’s US Navy client has asked us to support the implementation of the Navy’s new Contract Writing System (CWS) known as the Electronic Procurement System (ePS) which is to replace the Standard Procurement System (SPS), also known as Procurement Desktop-Defense (PD2) – the Navy’s current CWS of record.

As part of this implementation, NavAide is seeking qualified candidates to support the client’s Data Engineering efforts.

Position Description

The Data Systems Engineer will work with the BPR team and other project staff, to conduct a thorough Data Profiling assessment, Data Cleansing analysis, then define and execute Data Migration strategy during cutover from SPS/PD2 to ePS.

Duties & Responsibilities

Conduct Data Profiling assessment of legacy data, identify scope of the existing legacy data, where data is stored and in which format, identify the relationships between the various data elements and data stores, and gather applicable metadata where possible.
Conduct Data Cleansing analysis of legacy data, identify which data does not comply with DoD Procurement Data Standards (PDS) / Procurement Request Data Standards (PRDS), identify where data is inconsistent and/or incomplete, identify the data cleansing volume, quality, complexity, and help prioritize data cleansing efforts.
Develop Data Migration Plan and corresponding deliverables, including ETL strategy and execution, support mock conversion efforts and technical validation.
Develop elements of systems design deliverables, including data capture/migration rules, business rules, wireframes, or other detailed deliverables (documentation, SOP, Training materials, Test Plans, Technical Design Specifications, etc.).
Evaluate current Contract File Maintenance processes and procedures and propose and implement interim digital Contract File Maintenance procedures to streamline go-live efforts where possible.
Conduct insightful analysis throughout Data Profiling, Data Cleansing, and Data Migration phases, and develop management reports to support decision making across those efforts.
Technical Knowledge, Skills & Abilities

Demonstrated proficiency in one or more data modeling, data governance, data lineage toolsets/languages (like SQL, Python, or R).
Demonstrated proficiency in one or more data analytics, data visualization, business intelligence toolsets (like Tableau or Informatica).
Experience in data analysis/data engineering and problem solving with big data.
Experience working with databases or data pipelining tools.
Experience with full life cycle of ETL development in Data Warehouse and Data Integration projects using Informatica or any other similar ETL tool and Big Data.
Experience with the Standard Procurement System (SPS) / Procurement Desktop Defense (PD2).
Experience with migration from Sybase RDBMS.
Experience and familiarity with the software development lifecycle and Agile methodologies.
Experience with implementation of enterprise business applications.
Experience with CGI Momentum solution a huge plus.
Other Experience

Knowledge of, and experience with, the DoD Procurement Data Standards (PDS).
Knowledge of, and experience with, the DoD Purchase Request Data Standards (PRDS).
Experience working with the Federal Acquisitions Process.
Proactive, problem-solving, self-motivated, self-starter, extreme customer-focus – mentality.
Highly detail-oriented with superior organization, and excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to juggle many competing priorities while exercising sound and accurate judgment in making timely decisions.
Ability to work effectively and productively in a team-oriented environment while maintaining a strong sense of integrity and confidentiality.
Advanced technical and documentation skills.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office software suite (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Project, Visio).
Education

Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems or related discipline.
Security Clearance: Active Federal Government Security Clearance is required

Job Type: Full-time / W2

Location: Washington, D.C. and surrounding area. Candidates living in Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUBZones) are a plus, but not required.

Travel: Minimal travel (< 10%) may be required

Salary: Competitive

Job Type: Full-time

