If you’re inspired by the possibilities of robotics to change lives and protect our warfighters – join us!

Robotic Research, LLC is currently seeking applications for an internship as an Engineer Trainee. Our Engineers work on state-of-the-art autonomous vehicle systems. We offer a fast-paced environment where engineering comes first, and a breadth and depth of skills, knowledge, and interests are highly valued. You will have ample opportunities to get your hands dirty testing what you design in our specialized robotic engineering and test facility.

Robotic Research has been developing cutting-edge software and hardware for autonomous ground, air, and naval robotic systems since 2002. We specialize in developing solutions for DoD, Automotive,
Law Enforcement, and First Responder applications. We have a close-knit team devoted to delivering the best robotics technologies to meet and exceed our customers' needs. Our systems combine advanced control systems, autonomous mobility, perception, and behavior generation software with innovative and sophisticated mechanical and electrical hardware. We have a long history of successful program execution and have hardware and software on some of the highest visibility DoD ground robotics programs.

Building on our past success with deploying robotic systems for both military and commercial applications, we are currently expanding operations and looking for new team members who want to
make meaningful contributions in the field of autonomous systems. If you think you would be a good fit for our team, we would love to hear from you.

Internships and Co-Ops are Available ALL YEAR ROUND:

Software Engineering
Hardware Test Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Field Technicians
Computer Technicians
Qualifications:

Pursuing a degree program in Engineering, Computer Science, or Business Administration
U.S Citizen
GPA of 3.30 or higher
Available to temporarily relocate to Gaithersburg, MD or Clarksburg, MD for the internship

Benefits:

Hands on experience with current company projects and programs!
Paid internship
Paid holidays
Weekly housing stipend for students who are relocating from out of state
An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.