At GCS|SIGAL we strive for excellence. We believe in hiring team members who want to be their best because it brings out the best in our staff, our subcontractors, our projects, and our company. We believe in aligning project team goals with the client’s goals. When our teams win, our clients win and when our client’s win, GCS-SIGAL wins. We build our teams with competitive-natured individuals with positive attitudes and empower them to make decisions that are in the best interest of the project. If you have the desire to join a growing and results oriented organization that empowers its staff to take ownership, you will love building your career at GCS-SIGAL.

At GCS-SIGAL the role of a Project Engineer is to support the project manager and superintendent in the successful completion and financial outcome of a construction management project.

Responsibilities and Duties

Creatively solve challenging issues that arise on our projects with a positive attitude and in an ethical manner.
Communicate clearly and affectively to clients and subcontractors on the status of the project.
Receive, review, and process change-orders from sub-contractors.
Accurately and thoroughly prepare subcontractor bids and work scopes.
Process submittals and RFI’s.
Post and update drawings/contract documents.
Assist with the creation of a project plan.
Maintain safety requirements at all times.
Assist in the development of the initial schedule, site logistics, phasing plans.
Assist in project approach; project team coordination (goal setting, responsibility, etc.).
Assist with client related items (billing procedures/change orders/monthly reports/financial reporting, etc.).
Experience/Education

BS or MS degree in Engineering or Construction Management.
Construction management exposure.
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities

Strong technical and communication skills are critical.
Ability to work in a team environment.
GCS-SIGAL offers an excellent total compensation package which includes competitive health and welfare benefits and a generous 401k matching plan.

GCS-SIGAL is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or disability status. GCS-SIGAL has an unwavering focus on safety, the environment and caring about everyone involved in our work.

Qualified applicants who are offered a position must pass a pre-employment background check.

Job Type: Full-time

Work Location:

One location
Benefits:

Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Professional development assistance