Do you love helping businesses succeed? Are you ready to take your sales career to the next level? Yelp was created to connect people with great local businesses. As an Inside Sales Representative (ISR), you'll be working directly with these local businesses to help them achieve their goals through Yelp’s various advertising programs. You'll work with small business owners to determine their needs and aspirations and customize every sale to help make those happen. We succeed when we help our clients grow their businesses.

Because people are at the center of everything we do, one of your main priorities of the Inside Sales Representative is to educate business owners about the value of Yelp's advertising platform. In this role, you will be directly responsible for selling advertising space on Yelp to local businesses across the US and Canada. Success in this role is measured by hitting and exceeding monthly sales goals, consistently staying ahead of daily metrics, and handling rejection in stride, all in a team-focused environment.
Where You Come In:

You will own and manage a pipeline of clients ranging from dentists to florists to restaurant owners- all organized in our CRM (Salesforce)
You will educate, strategize, and successfully sell Yelp advertising programs through a high volume of outbound sales calls - this role is 100% phone based.
You will become an expert in Yelp’s advertising solutions, and adapt product recommendations quickly to suit client needs - asking probing questions and overcoming customer objections and rejection will be critical to your success.
You will achieve and consistently exceed monthly sales goals- strong work ethic and tenacity are key!
You will stay organized and manage your time effectively in order to complete your daily goals- you know that sales is a numbers game and you’re here to win.
What it Takes to Succeed:

You have an appetite for learning! You’re keen on turning training and feedback into action and continuous self-improvement- you don’t take rejection personally.
You are committed to a high standard of integrity and being a team-player is important to you.
You're an excellent listener, assertive, persistent, and persuasive - show us your grit!
You are genuinely curious about people, local businesses, and possess the innate ability to inspire passion in others- you can’t wait to show everyone the value of Yelp.
You are adaptable and can think on your feet. When faced with new challenges, or tough conversations, failure simply isn't an option.
You MUST hold a GED/HS Diploma and 2+ years of customer facing experience OR hold an AA Degree and 1+ years of customer facing experience OR hold a BA/BS Degree
You MUST have excellent written and verbal communication skills - no fear of the phone
You MUST have general computer and email proficiency- we use Google suite and provide a Mac mini!
You MUST have a positive attitude
You MUST have the ability to effectively prioritize tasks and manage time within a fast-paced environment
You MUST possess current US work authorization
About Training and Development:

No sales experience? No worries! We offer comprehensive initial two month training with ongoing career development support and opportunities through the Yelp Sales Development Program*
Learn industry-leading communication and sales techniques that will enable you to find solutions for your clients and close deals
Gain extensive knowledge on the industry’s leading CRM tool, Salesforce
Become an expert in internet advertising and the world of SMB

The Yelp Sales Development Program provides a transparent path for professional growth by outlining what you need to be doing every day, month, and quarter to reach the next level in our sales organization. As you progress through YSDP, you will be eligible for increases in compensation, title, and responsibilities, which will keep your career moving in the right direction.
What You'll Get:

Starting base salary of $40,000 plus uncapped commission
Effective your first day: Full medical, vision, and dental (100% paid employee only coverage)
15 days PTO (increases with tenure) and 11 paid holidays
Generous paid parental leave policy
Monthly wellness subsidy
Access to fully stocked Yelp kitchens
Flexible spending account
Pre-tax commuter benefits
401(k) retirement savings plan with employer matching up to $1,000 your first year and $3,000 in subsequent years
Employee stock purchase plan
Think you have what it takes to win? Send us your cover letter and resume today. Don’t forget to keep it useful, funny, and cool!